Random Sample Selection: Randomly select a minimal sample of correspondences from the given set of correspondences.
 A minimal sample typically consists of a minimum number of correspondences required to estimate the essential matrix, which is usually 5 or 8 correspondences.

Essential Matrix Estimation: Use the selected correspondences to estimate an initial essential matrix. 
This can be done using methods such as the 8-point algorithm or the normalized 8-point algorithm.

Inlier Classification: Evaluate the remaining correspondences by calculating their epipolar lines based on the estimated essential matrix.
In stereo vision, when two cameras capture images of the same scene from different viewpoints, 
the epipolar line represents the possible locations of a corresponding point in the other image.
 For each correspondence, check if the distance between the computed epipolar line and the corresponding point in the other image is below a certain threshold. 
 If it is, consider it an inlier; otherwise, classify it as an outlier.

Consensus Set Accumulation: Count the number of inliers obtained in the previous step. 
Keep track of the essential matrix associated with the largest consensus set (i.e., the largest number of inliers) seen so far.

Repeat: Repeat steps 1-4 for a fixed number of iterations. In each iteration, random sample selection, essential matrix estimation, inlier classification, 
and consensus set accumulation are performed.

Final Model Selection: After the iterations are completed, select the essential matrix associated with the largest consensus set as the final estimated essential matrix.

Refinement: Optionally, refine the estimated essential matrix using techniques such as nonlinear optimization or decomposition into rotation and translation.

The direct estimation calculates the essential matrix using all the matched keypoint locations,
 while the RANSAC estimation selects a subset of keypoint correspondences to robustly estimate the essential matrix.